Free of self, Free of thought, Free of mind.
Breathe in Breath out - My wierdness is wonderful.
Inhale Exhale.
My Feelings deserve to be felt.
Take a breath - My body is beautiful at this moment.
I am growing and i am goin at my own pace.
Inhale Exhale - My heart knows its own way.
My body is relaxed, my mind is calm and my soul is at peace. 
I feel good about the direction of my life and being me.
I make a conscious choice to be happy.
Remind yourself - My life is not a race.
I am just as worthy as anyone else.
I am grateful for all the good memories I have.
I am grateful for every failure and a new lesson to learn.
I am thankful for every person who pushes for my success.
I am grateful for being strong enough to recover after a failure and try again.
I am grateful for all the love that surrounds me.
I unconditionally love and accept myself.
I have everything I need within myself.
I am happy to wake up to live another day,I will make it worthet.
I am filled with excitement when i look in the mirror.
My heart overflows with the feeling of gratitude for everything in my life.
I am responsible for my own happiness, I've got this covered.
I deserve to be happy and to enjoy my life.
I release the need to judge myself and others.
I send love and healing through out my body.
I have a sense of humor and love to laught with others.
We cannot create a new future by holding on to the emotions of the past.
Be Bold - Better to burn than fade away.]
I work hard and deserve to take some time off to relax.
I am beautifull with all my traits regardless of someone elses opinion.
I grow and learn everyday adapting to new circumstances.
The world is a fantastic place and i am blessed to be here today.
I am intelligent and fun and people like talking to me.
I contribute wonderful things to this world even if they are small.
My opinion is important and people genuinely care.
I am unique the way i am and i dont need to impress people.
Something wonderful will happen today.
Great things are coming my way.
Breathe in breathe out - I am responsible for myself.
This year is goin to be great and wonderful for me.
I am exactly where i need to be today.
Today is full of opportunities.
I am excited about today.
I deserve to be here as does everyone else.
I am becoming better and better everyday.
I am creating positive change in the world.
I will do things with joy today.
Stay positive embrace self love and positivity.
Give thanks - I am grateful for the person i am becoming.
Nobodys perfect I accept myself with my flaws.
Be deserving - I am worthy of respect and kindness.
Dare to dream - I follow my heart toward my dreams.
Make decisions - I am confident in my abilities.
Be like water.
Conditon your minds every day.
Have a good laugh.
Let go of perfectionism allow yourself to make mistakes and learn from them.
Be proud of your accomplishments so far.
You are worthy and deserving of joy in your life.
Dont judge yourself, i acknowledge my feelings and allow myself to experience them.
Love yourself, i appreciate my body for all that it does for me.
I love the person that i am.
I will make the most of today.
Transmute unpleasant circumstance into immediate action.
There are no unprofitable experiences.
Self examination. Differentiate critism and justified review.
Think of what you desire most.
You get 80% of what you spent 20% of your time doing. 
Be kind.
Whatever the mind can concieve and believe the mind can achieve.
I focus on what i can control - Let go of the rest.
I can thrive in any enviroment, so long as i am aware of and accepting of the factors that influence my condition. 